Setup the official documentation (#12)
apache/skywalking-rover: docs/en/concepts-and-designs/module_design.md

# Module Design
## Overview

> The module is an isolation concept in Rover. Each module completes an independent future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The module is an isolation concept in Rover. Each module completes an independent feature.
```

## Life Cycle

Each concept has a complete life cycle.

> - Start: start phase is to start the current module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Start: Start phase is to start the current module.
```

- NotifyStartSuccess: Execute when all modules have finished starting without any errors.
- Shutdown: The shutdown phase is to close all the used resources.

## Config

> Each module corresponds to configuration data and only set in the configuration file, it would be enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each module has its corresponding configurations and only when they're set in the configuration file, the module would be enabled.
```
